So in the last lecture we added the capability to load posts and use posts in the admin area.
Now I want to make sure that if we click save and the admin post form in the Edmond area a dead we actually
save that too.
While our Bacchante.
For that I'll add the submittal listener remember an admin Post forum we admit are a custom seperate
event here now to do that back in our index of you fall in the admin post at the page.
I just need listen to that custom event and then execute on submitted.
Or whatever you want.
Now I'll add this to my methods here.
In my view component code so methods is a javascript object where I have my on submitted method.
This will receive my edited post that is passed on automatically from the Edmon post form.
Remember this object here and this will contain the post as it was entered by the user.
Now we can simply do one thing now.
We can send a number access request where we do a porter request to put it in the place of the old post.
The one we loaded because we want to completely replace it with that edited post for that.
I'll use the exact same u r l as I did for getting to post.
However the post ID is now not something I get from the context but from this route parents were in
the normal view world.
Here again we're not running on the server.
The component has been created.
Out has been unchecked that we can access it like this.
So now we sent this port request to store our new data.
We have to send this as a second argument.
The edited host does should replace the existing data on the server.
For that given ID now I can change my then call here to simply print the result that gets returned up
on this request.
We can also catch any error and log logon to the console if you want to handle it.
For example you show a message or something like that.
You can of course also do that here.
You can't load the error page though because we're not running this on the server.
It runs under load at us so we can handle the error more elegantly instead of just showing a page.
So with that we're doing all of this let's see if it works let's go back to the app and let's simply
reload this page here.
This should work and populate this all with the post status since we're doing this dynamically and let's
update the preview text.
Let's save a get a 200 success code.
And now if I upload my list of posts page we see doesn't work here and we all see this on firebase of
course.
It was successfully updated.
Now with that one thing we can do is we can go back to our code and when we submit this we probably
also want to redirect once we're done.
So instead of just logging the response here when putting does post I can also use this router push
and go back to slash admin just as I want to do it when I create a new post here.
When we are done creating it I also want to go back if we do this and we go back to our application.
Let's see what happens if I go there and edit the posts.
I go back to one questionmark and save that works but you see that the data here is not up to date unless
I reload the page.
The reason for this is simple.
We're getting the data on this page from our store.
Remember we're initializing it with next server and it and that's it.
We never get updated data does us.
The downside of using Nax server is that your getting the data from the store and it only runs on the
initial load.
If you manipulate the data thereafter you should also directly manipulate it in the store.
So in our case when we create a new post we want to store that in the store too.
If we edit a post we want to edit it in the store to our wives our store does not reflect the latest
data but take a look at this in the next lecture.